Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Xuanjia
So strong
not good
Looks like you have to be careful
hateful
The information is wrong
This guy is not an early second-grade monk at all.
What does this mean?
What's going on
Who is coming?
Why do you hurt people?
fire spells
I hate people who play with fire the most.
Just a fire spell
nothing
try this
not good
flash mob
Who said this guy is just a second-level rookie monk?
I must kill him when I go back
This is the time
You still have kung fu nonsense
Finished
Can't stop it at all
Senior sister
You can die
sword control
Junior brother
are you okay
Fortunately, the senior sister came back in time
otherwise
My life is at stake
These damn evil cultivators
How dare you go deep into the realm of my Xuanxin Sect?
I will report it to Elder Ming after I return to the clan.
We must teach every city and town within a thousand miles.
The arrogance to kill those desperadoes
Senior sister
I just heard them say that the information was wrong
It seems that we knew early on that we would stay here
This matter is strange
Need to investigate carefully
in addition
These two are both third-grade monks
Should have some net worth
Go and see if there's anything useful
good
Senior sister
They have a lot of good things in them
There are more than two hundred low-grade spiritual stones in total
Two stacks of talisman and seal script
There is also a secret book of exercises
Just a little money
Keep it yourself
If you hadn't blocked their first wave of offensive earlier,
I can't get rid of them that easily either.
Let's go
We speed up and return to the sect
Ruijin sword energy
It is a second-grade pinnacle spell for attack and defense.
Has armor-breaking effect
Just right for me
As expected of a great cultivator
This formation is just different
Have you met Brother Xiao?
Junior Sister Fuqin
Although you have entered the inner gate
But taking outsiders into the inner gate without permission
But it's against the rules
This Senior Brother Xiao is quite arrogant.
What's so awesome
This person is not an outsider
He is the newcomer recommended to the sect by Senior Brother Leng
That’s all
Since he is the person recommended by Senior Brother Leng,
Then forget it this time
Senior sister
The one just now
Senior Brother Xiao is an inner disciple
The cultivation level at the early stage of the fourth grade
Xuanxin Sect ranks ninety-seven
Currently working in the Discipline Hall
Does senior sister have any issues with this senior brother Xiao?
Um
an
When at the outer door
He was defeated by me
But after entering the inner door
His cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds
Breakthrough directly to level four
then
The first person he challenged was me
Is it possible
Senior sister returned to Ziyun Town to practice in order to avoid this person
I'll take you to see Senior Brother Leng first
oh
good
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Not seen for a month
Unexpectedly, the little brother of Hangzhou
Jing has reached the peak of second-grade cultivation.
You can actually see through my actual cultivation level at a glance
Fifth-grade monks are really powerful
Brother Leng’s support
Thank you very much
In the future, it will be the work of dogs and horses
Little brother, I'm serious
You fulfilled my instructions with your own ability
This is how you get started
not to mention
From now on we will be brothers in the same discipline
We should take care of each other
Remember the teachings of senior fellow apprentices
in addition
I've already said hello at the outer door.
You can go and report directly later
Thank you, Brother Leng
You are welcome
you deserve it
can in a short time
Rapid progress in cultivation within one month
It seems that you are a very talented person.
Believe in time
Our Xuanxin Sect’s inner sect will definitely add a new member
Hangzhi dare not take credit
alright
Now is not the time to be polite
Senior Brother Leng
There is something very important that I must tell you.
These evil heretics are determined to persevere
How dare you break into my Xuanxin Sect's territory to cause trouble?
Simply looking for death
I will personally report this matter to the boss
Make a note of merit for my junior sister
Fuqin thanks senior brother
Junior sister, there's no need to be polite
It's still early
I prepared a pot of spiritual spring nectar
You are tired from the journey
Why don't you sit down and sing for a while?
Junior Brother Hang has extraordinary qualifications
In one month’s time, there will be a big competition within the gate.
Are you interested in taking the top spot?
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)